feat: Let Form Error List add the error count to the document title (#1309)
Amsterdam/design-system: packages/css/src/components/form-error-list/README.md

Put the Form Error List directly above the first question on the page. Place it outside of the `<form>`-tag, [to make sure screen readers do not skip it](https://nldesignsystem.nl/richtlijnen/formulieren/meerdere-stappen/#plaats-de-informatie-over-waar-de-gebruiker-is-in-de-stappen-boven-het-formulier).

## Error count in document title

> The error count is added to the document title by this component,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This component adds the error count to the document title,
```
